WGCNA Part 5: switch dataset (#379)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: 04-advanced-topics/network-analysis_rnaseq_01_wgcna.Rmd

In this example, we use weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA) to identify co-expressed gene modules [@Langfelder2008]. 
WGCNA uses a series of correlations to identify sets of genes that are expressed together in your data set. 

> This is a fairly intuitive approach to gene network analysis which can aid in interpretation of microarray & rna-seq data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a fairly intuitive approach to gene network analysis which can aid in interpretation of microarray & RNA-seq data. 
```

Author: I changed it to `rna-seq` because for some silly reason I thought that was what we had elsewhere, but I think we have `RNA-seq` most places. But this is something pertinent to #289 or maybe it deserves its own issue.

If you have multiple power values with signed $R^2$ above `0.80`, then picking the one at an inflection point, in other words where the $R^2$ values seem to have reached their saturation [@Zhang2005].
You want to a `power` that gives you a big enough $R^2$ but is not excessively large.

> So using the plot above, going with a power soft-threshold of `2`!

Author: Okey dokey. So `7`? Also how do we explain the rationale for `7`?

> So using the plot above, going with a power soft-threshold of `2`!

Reviewer: It is an inflection point (max). If you look at their example, they pick the first max, not just the first point above 0.8 which seems to align well here.

> So using the plot above, going with a power soft-threshold of `2`!

Author: It seems like such a subtle inflection, I did not notice.

> So using the plot above, going with a power soft-threshold of `2`!

Reviewer: They main point is that we can go a fair bit above the level we were at with 2, so it is worth setting higher. I doubt it would be much different at 5 or 6...

```{r}
ggplot(
  module_18_df,
  aes(
    x = time_point,
    y = ME18,
    color = time_point
  )
) +

>   ggforce::geom_sina() +

Author: This looks better! :+1: I also added a `alpha = 0, outlier.shape = NA` so points aren't blocked or duplicated.

```{r}
ggplot(
  module_19_df,
  aes(
    x = time_point,
    y = ME19,
    color = time_point
  )
) +

>   ggforce::geom_sina(maxwidth = 0.3) +
>   # Putting on a boxplot, but making it see through and so we don't put outliers
>   # with boxplot
>   geom_boxplot(width = 0.2, alpha = 0, outlier.shape = NA) +

Reviewer: If we change the order here, we don't need to use alpha
```suggestion
  # a boxplot with outlier points hidden (they will be in the sina plot)
  geom_boxplot(width = 0.2, outlier.shape = NA) +
  # A sina plot to show all of the individual data points
  ggforce::geom_sina(maxwidth = 0.3) +
```

Author: Sure. Why not.

Reviewer: The comment changes too!
